Replace Docker Compose with Kubernetes deployment with HTTPS/TLS support (#66)
BrewingBytes/Brewget: README.md

# BrewGet

> A microservices-based application for managing brew-related tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A microservices-based application for managing your bugets.
```

## Architecture

BrewGet consists of the following services:

- **frontend**: Vue.js web application
- **auth-service**: Authentication and authorization (Rust)
- **settings-service**: User settings management (Rust)
- **email-service**: Email notifications (Rust)
- **nginx**: Reverse proxy and API gateway
- **postgres**: PostgreSQL database

## Deployment

> ### Kubernetes (Recommended)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Kubernetes
```

For production deployments, use Kubernetes:

```bash
cd k8s
./deploy.sh
```

See [k8s/README.md](k8s/README.md) for detailed instructions.

### Docker Compose (Development)

For local development, use Docker Compose:

```bash
docker-compose up

> ```

Reviewer: No more docker compose needed, remove also the docker compose file
